1. Up until now you've used heading and paragraph tags for arranging your **content** so that it looks tidy and is easy to read. Let's look at some more tags that you can use to group things together in special **containers**.
 * **Content** is all the "stuff" on your web page, like information and pictures
3. Start by putting the main **content** of your page in between `<article></article>` tags. So put an opening `<article>` tag just underneath the opening `<main>` tag, and put the closing `</article>` tag just above the closing `</main>` tag.

4. If your page contains more than one separate item of content that are not really connected, put each one between its own set of `<article></article>` tags instead of putting one set of the tags around the whole lot.
 5. You can totally have `article`s inside `articles`: for example one big piece of content that's made up of a few smaller ones.
4. You can also break your `article` up into chunks or sections if you need to. The `<section></section>` tags are there for exactly this! Use them the same way as the `<article> </article>` tags.
5. ***TODO*** Here's an example of a page that uses `article` and `section` tags to organise information.
6. Confused about this container thing? Remember when you created a menu and then put it in between `<nav> </nav>` tags. This is another example of one of these containers. What you are doing is telling the browser that everything in between these special tags belongs together. Like organising things in boxes and shelves in your home!
7. Once your content has been organised into `articles` and `sections` you can create CSS rules in the stylesheet to control how the different bits look! Here's an example of some CSS styling of the `article` and `section` containers. See if you can understand it and make your own.